oh man this fortress looks pretty cool
but how did I get here ah no matter I'm
gonna go check it out wow this is
interesting you must be pretty old look
at all these vines ah man my curiosity
has captured me again but what is this
this is like a little vine jail what /
what do you think you're doing here that
trap was made for Superman not you I
made this poison ivy cage especially for
Superman and now you're here Rooney
might plan you know I didn't really come
here on purpose I sort of accidentally
stumbled upon the place that happens a
lot to me when I can run around the
world in 3 seconds well I'm gonna go get
Lex Luthor and see what he thinks about
this
Superman oh this is a little
embarrassing all right well the fresh
has gotten caught in the Hall of Doom
and I sorta need your help to save him
oh sure no problem buddy let's go save
the flash but you first have to admit
that I'm the best superhero there is no
I'm not gonna do that
never all right suit yourself have fun
saving for Shawn you own wait wait wait
all right all right fine Superman might
sort of be the best superhero around all
right there I said it all right that's
good enough for me let's go save flash
all right well since we don't know where
the flash is I've got an idea let's
first take the elevator and the Hall of
Doom up to the top layer and then we'll
work our way back downwards the elevator
we're just gonna simply take the only
elevator in the hall of doom don't you
think that's gonna be a little too
obvious you know whatever let's just do
it all right first let me just lower the
elevator by me spinning around spin spin
spin spin there it is ha ha ha I am the
Scarecrow you know I will be scared of
me
oh so that's the Scarecrow he's really
not that scary kind of looks like a
mixture of a Cabbage Patch doll mixed
with maybe a jack-o'-lantern
yeah I'm gonna kind of have to agree
with Superman here you remind me of a
doll that I had when I was a little boy
Yeah right maybe that explains a lot
all right well though is easy enough to
get past this super villain or don't
drop in Batman let's go put him
somewhere
guys guys guys help help hey I'm over
here in the vine Joe hey there he is
well that was easy enough fine let's
just I have Superman pull apart the
vines and let's get you out of here
let's see this shouldn't be too hard let
me just get back there and yeah just
have to all right now this fine go this
way and that fine goes that way and I
knew you superheroes would come and look
at this Superman I have your greatest
weakness
kryptonite no no no kryptonite uh I'm
getting tired of not feeling so well a
couple more hours of this kryptonite and
Superman will be no more wait a minute
I've got an idea to save Superman I have
a super villain that owes me a favor all
right play face I need you to eat all of
the Kryptonite
roll
b-ball kryptonite's way with Lex Luthor
be afraid of a big play guy all he is
his soft mud wait a minute hey Tony
there that's way Krypton me yeah now I
am playing all over me I'm you up me off
kryptonite 4/4 may face Tommy huh Lex
Luthor poison ivy scarecrow it looks
like we win this time
enjoy your vine jail hey thanks for
watching the toys featured in this video
our scarecrow and poison ivy now poison
ivy she has her typical red hair and
she's dressed in vine clothing including
her little vine scepter and scarecrows
dress they're pretty scary he's got this
crazy little mask and I think he has in
his hand a sickle his clothing looks
like worn-out tattered clothing that
you'd see typically on a scarecrow and a
farm hey thanks for watching don't
forget to Like and subscribe to the
toysreviewtoys Channel and then click on
a picture to watch another fun video or
test your luck by clicking on the box to
watch a surprise video have a great day